and they're off in Derby 139 and all was
just given a nudge as he let them go and
Chavez war was very slow to begin and my
lute also just missed the kick and
revolutionaries been taken back in the
early stages by Calvin Borel falling sky
towards the outside of its my lucky day
in golden cents and pallets malice and
Verrazano is also trying to flash early
speed towards the outside the leading
group say go now past the wire with a
circuit to go in the Kentucky Derby
and in this Palace malice new leads
goldencents racing in second ox mode
water inside in third Verrazano is in
fourth by Jack is in fifth it's my lucky
day is in sixth falling sky in seventh
in eighth position on the inside
Normandy invasion followed then in ninth
by giant finish a break then to the 10th
horse who is will take charge 11th is
frag daddy and then towards the inside
races
charming kitten after charming kitten
ease overrun lies has already been
ridden along then lines of battle
towards the inside next races golden
soul then all boos only got three behind
my lute is towards the rear revolution
areas last but one absolute loss is
Javas war the half in 45 and one half a
mile to go in Derby 139 and as they go
out of the backstretch it's Palace
malice who still has the lead to Oxbow
racing in second Verrazano in third
making the turn in fourth Normandy
invasion goldencents now backs out of it
in fifth trying to come on in six it's
my lucky day fight Jackie's already
beating a retreat as in Albie's begin to
swing the corner just over a quarter a
mile to go in the Kentucky Derby as they
come down the lane and as they do so
it's Normandy invasion with Oxbow on the
inside Palace malice in Verrazano all be
staring in a fly down the wide outside
and so too is my loot they're racing
down the walls the final furlong
Normandy invasion but here is off on the
outside all and joelle Rosario take the
lead with a sixteenth of a mile ago in
the Kentucky Derby
Orbeez out in front Java's war is
absolutely flying in fatties golden soul
but it is all to win the Derby
all wins the Derby golden soul in second
revolutionary and their norm
invasion my loot and Oxbow but it was
all for Suge McGee and Joel Rosario who
wonder be 139